Page 1 of 5

7316-178
Results

MR Entire Spine W/ IV Contrast ONLY (Accession ) (Order MR Brain W & W/Q IV,

Contrast (Accession J (Order T

 

Study Result

BRAIN MRI, WITHOUT AND WITH CONTRAST;NAVIGATIONAL BRAIN MRI AND
ADDITIONAL MRI OF THE CERVICAL, THORACIC, AND LUMBAR SPINE:

CLINICAL INDICATION: Persistent headache and vomiting, clinical
concern of intracranial mass.

TECHNIQUE:

BRAIN: Sagittal 3D T1 gradient echo with axial reformations, axial
and coronal TSE T2, axial and coronal FLAIR, axial spin echo T1,
arterial spin labeled perfusion imaging and SWI, navigational T1
and T2 images, post-contrast sagittal 3D Tl gradient echo with
axial and coronal reformations, post-contrast axial spin echo T1
with fat suppression, axial diffusion tensor imaging and perfusion
study were performed on a 3.0 Tesla system.

SPINE: Sagittal TSE T2, post-contrast sagittal and axial T1
COMPARISON: None

FINDINGS:
BRAIN:

The study reveals a large intra-axial mass primarily arising from
left lateral aspect of the cerebellar vermis and involving left
cerebellar hemisphere and left cerebellar tonsil, accompanied by
mild to moderate amount of surrounding brain edema. The lesion
measures about 4.0 cm TR x 4.5 cm AP x 4.9 cm CC. This mass cause
severe pressure effect to the surrounding structures, compresses
the adjacent brainstem, particularly medulla and cervicomedullary
junction, and obstructs the fourth ventricular outlet resulting in
mild to moderate supratentorial hydrocephalus and mild degree of
transtentorial CSF spreading. The inferior part of this mass and
right cerebellar tonsil also protrude through the foramen magnum
down to the level of posterior elements of Cl causing markedly
reduced subarachnoid space of the craniocervical region. There are
numerous small cystic components scattered throughout the mass and
internal vascular flow void which represent high vascularity of
the tumor. This mass demonstrates slightly hypointense to
cerebellar gray matter on Tl, iso- to slightly hyperintense on T2,
restricted diffusion of the solid component, and heterogeneous
enhancement on post-contrast study.

  

There is accompanying mild prominent subarachnoid space
surrounding the intraorbital segments of bilateral optic nerves
and mild anterior bulging of the optic discs consistent with mild
papilledema.

Page 1 of 5

