Page 2 of 5

There are no other areas of parenchymal signal abnormality or
abnormal enhancement. There is no midline shift or extra-axial
fluid collection. No definite evidence of intracranial tumor
spreading is detected. The visualized pituitary gland and stalk
are within normal limits.

The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear.

SPINE:

There is a transitional lumbar vertebra. The cervical spine,
thoracic spine, and sacrum are full compliment otherwise. The
vertebral columns and intervertebral discs are of normal contour
and signal.

The spinal cord and the conus medullaris are also of normal
contour and signal. The conus medullaris terminate at the L1-L2
level. There are no areas of abnormal enhancement of the spinal
cord, leptomeninges, or nerve roots.

IMPRESSION

1. 2 large mixed solid cystic posterior fossa mass involving left
lateral aspect of the cerebellar vermis, left cerebellar
hemisphere and left cerebellar tonsil causing substantial amount
of pressure effect to surrounding structures, mild to moderate
supratentorial hydrocephalus and mild papilledema as described
which is highly suspicious for high grade tumor. The differential
diagnosis includes primitive neuroectodermal tumor {
medulloblastoma } and atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumor.

2. No definite evidence of intracranial or intraspinal tumor
spreading.

Findings were discussed immediately with the referring physician -
Dr. Henci Teuta and the neurosurgical team when the patient was
studying at the operating table on . In addition, the
patient was directly admitted to the neurosurgical inpatient unit
for further appropriated management.

END OF IMPRESSION:

Scans on Order
Scan on Radiology MR contrast form

Scans on Order
Scan on radiology screening form

Result History
MR Brain W & W/O IV Contrast (Order )on - Order Result History Report

PACS Images
Show images for MR Brain W & W/O IV Contrast

Page 2 of 5

