Page 1 of 2
7316-2176
OP Note - Complete (Template or Full Dictation)

PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Glioblastoma.
POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Glioblastoma.

PROCEDURES: Redo left frontotemporal craniotomy for resection of
tumor.

INDICATIONS: The patient is a 16-year-old girl who had a clot
removal and tumor biopsy done at an outside hospital and then came
to for a 2nd opinion and for an oncology therapy. After
consultation with Radiation Oncology, they felt given the extent
of the residual tumor that there were not comfortable radiating
her without more surgery. Therefore she was brought to the
operating room for removal of the tumor in the temporal ventricle,
as well as along the uncus. The patient is densely aphasic after
her first surgery.

PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: She was brought to the operating room. IV
access was obtained. General anesthesia was induced. IV
antibiotics were given. She was placed in the Mayfield head
holder. The navigation system was registered and neuromonitoring
needles were inserted. She was then sterilely prepped and draped
in usual fashion. A time-out was taken prior to skin incision. A
15 blade knife was used to open the old incision and to slightly
extend it anteriorly to give us better exposure of the anterior
portion of the temporal bone. The old craniotomy was then removed
and further bone removed anteriorly to give us a better angle to
stay out of language area. We then dissected with the bipolar and

Page 1 of 2

